---
post_url: /t/bonus-marks-in-tds-for-jan-25/172246/46
---
[@jkmadathil](/u/jkmadathil) [@carlton](/u/carlton) [@s.anand](/u/s.anand) [@Jivraj](/u/jivraj)

Sir, as said in this another students’ post, i would also like to bring your notice to the fact that most of those 192 students who attempted the GA7 have not done 4 assignments. This shows their “diligence” which you are awarding them for. Whereas the students like us who have been submitting all the projects and the assignments GA1 to 6, how can the team conclude that just because we didnt submit GA7 we are not diligent enough to be awarded the bonus marks.

Shouldnt the bonus marks be awarded to those students who have been submitting literally all 2 projects and 6 assignments(6/7 i.e 85% of the assignments)? How could the team decide to award bonus 5 marks to the overall score just to those students based on a single assignment( namely GA7). We are genuinely struggling, and we are requesting bonus marks based on that. Please don’t misunderstand our request as jealousy — it comes from a place of hardship.

How can a student who submitted 1 assignment make him more diligent than those who have been submitting 2 projects and 6 assignments. I think if you plan to award bonus marks you should consider best 5 or 6 assignments and not just based on a single assignment.

Just because we didnt submit a assignment(GA7) why are we being deprived of the bonus marks which was not even informed of. If you want to provide the bonus marks then you can also consider the best 4 assignments as well as it would also show the students’ interest and diligence as you said. If you want to consider for the bonus marks you can consider any assignment right, why just GA7 is the question. You can also award the bonus marks based of GA-1 or GA-2 or so. I think the diligence which are talking of, should be measured based on consistent performance and not just based on a single assignment.

Regards  
Karthik