---
post_url: /t/project-2-tds-solver-discussion-thread/169029/68
---
Fine sir, this is clear. I have a few doubts in the file formats. When free, kindly address these to. I will try to cover most common doubts, so that you wouldn’t need to answer similar doubts again. Sorry if some of the doubts are basic / written incorrectly.

FILES
-----

The data file sent to the api will always be in the **requester’s** local machine. When the api server receives the request, the file will be in binary format?

Or

Sometimes the api server receives the file in byte and some times, it will recieve a link like this : <https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/shapes.png>

This link was take from GA2 Question 2

HTML AND TABLE
--------------

Some questions have `html` and `tables`. In this case will these two be in a file encoded in binary, or will it be a string.

Example for string. Consider the table

| Col 1 | Col 2 |
| --- | --- |
| Row 1, Col1 | Row 1 Col 2 |
| Row 2, Col 1 | Row 2 Col 2 |

Will this be something like this

```
"|Col 1| Col 2|\n|-|-|\n|Row 1, Col1 | Row 1 Col 2|\n|Row 2, Col 1|Row 2 Col 2|"

```

or something like

```
"<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>Col 1</th>\n<th>Col 2</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Row 1, Col1</td>\n<td>Row 1 Col 2</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>Row 2, Col 1</td>\n<td>Row 2 Col 2</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>
"

```

HIDDEN BLOCK AND ANSWER : 2 TASKS
---------------------------------

In one question, there were two tasks.

* Find the answer to the question
* Enable the `disabled` text block

In this question, what will the answer type be?

Should it just be the answer or should it be the html string which will have the disabled block enabled and also the answer string sitting inside the block

MORE THAN ONE FILE
------------------

Some questions have more than one file. For example, the last question of GA5, it has a png file in this link <https://exam.sanand.workers.dev/jigsaw.webp> and a table.

In this case, how will the curl request be? Is it some thing like this

```
curl -X POST "https://your-app.vercel.app/api/" \
  -H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
  -F "question=question text" \
  -F "file= Image file" \
  -F "file= table file/ string" 

```

CORS HEADERS
------------

Will the CORS headers asked in the question be the same or can it be different?